chore: Add the 2.8.4.3 Gateway changelog (#6029)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

* Bumped `lodash` for Dev Portal from 4.17.11 to 4.17.21
* Bumped `lodash` for Kong Manager from 4.17.15 to 4.17.21

## 2.8.4.3 
**Release Date** 2023/09/19

### Breaking changes and deprecations

* **Ubuntu 18.04 support removed**: Support for running Kong Gateway on Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic") is now deprecated,
as [Standard Support for Ubuntu 18.04 has ended as of June 2023](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases).
Starting with Kong Gateway 2.8.4.3, Kong is not building new Ubuntu 18.04
images or packages, and Kong will not test package installation on Ubuntu 18.04.

* Amazon Linux 2022 artifacts are renamed to Amazon Linux 2023, based on AWS's own renaming.
 
### Features
#### Plugins

> * [AWS-Lambda](/hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/): the AWS-Lambda plugin has been refactored by using lua-resty-aws as an underlying AWS library. The refactor simplifies the AWS-Lambda plugin code base and adding support for multiple IAM authenticating scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AWS-Lambda](/hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/) (`aws-lambda`)
  * The AWS Lambda plugin has been refactored by using `lua-resty-aws` as an underlying AWS library. The refactor simplifies the AWS Lambda plugin codebase and adds support for multiple IAM authenticating scenarios.
```

### Fixes 
#### Core

> * Fixed an issue that prevented the dbless-reconfigure anonymous report type from respecting anonymous reports with a setting of `anonymous_reports=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue that prevented the `dbless-reconfigure` anonymous report type from respecting anonymous reports with the setting `anonymous_reports=false`.
```

* Fixed an issue where you couldn't create developers using the Admin API in a non-default workspace in {{site.base_gateway}} 2.8.4.2.

> * Fixed an issue with Redis catching rate limiting strategy conneciton failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with Redis catching rate limiting strategy connection failures.
```

#### Plugins 

> * [Rate Limiting Advanced](/hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting-advanced/) (`rate-limiting-advanced`): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Rate Limiting Advanced](/hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting-advanced/) (`rate-limiting-advanced`)
```

  * Fixed an issue that caused the plugin to trigger rate limiting unpredictably.
  * Fixed an issue where {{site.base_gateway}} produced a log of error log entries when multiple Rate Limiting Advanced plugins shared the same namespace.

> * [OpenID Connect](/hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/) (`openid-connect`): Fixed an issue that caused the plugin to return logs with `invalid introspection results` when decoding a bearer token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [OpenID Connect](/hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/) (`openid-connect`)
  * Fixed an issue that caused the plugin to return logs with `invalid introspection results` when decoding a bearer token.
```

> * [Response Transformer Advanced](/hub/kong-inc/response-transformer-advanced/) (`response-transformer-advanced`): Fixed an issue that caused the response body to load when the `if_status` does not match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Response Transformer Advanced](/hub/kong-inc/response-transformer-advanced/) (`response-transformer-advanced`)
  * Fixed an issue that caused the response body to load when the `if_status` didn't match.
```

#### PDK
* Fixed a bug in the exit hook that caused customized headers to be lost.

### Performance
#### Configuration
* Bumped the default value of `upstream_keepalive_pool_size` to 512 and `upstream_keepalive_max_requests` to 1000.

### Dependencies

> * Bumped lua-protobuf from 0.3.3 to 0.4.2
> * Bumped lua-resty-aws from 1.0.0 to 1.3.1
> * Bumped lua-resty-gcp from 0.0.5 to 0.0.13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bumped `lua-protobuf` from 0.3.3 to 0.4.2
* Bumped `lua-resty-aws` from 1.0.0 to 1.3.1
* Bumped `lua-resty-gcp` from 0.0.5 to 0.0.13
```
